Subtitles by explosiveskull
About time.
Where the hell you been?
Oh, come on, man.
Give me a break.
- I got here as soon as I could.
- Well, not soon enough.
We can't afford to
fall behind today, yeah?
A lot of shit to do.
You know, Dan, if you're
really in so much of a rush,
then maybe you shouldn't wait
until the very last minute
to send me your list.
Yeah?
Well, maybe you should
get to the market sooner.
I was here till
3 o'clock last night.
So fuckin' what?
I never left.
You got a problem?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey,
look at me.
You got a problem with
my process all of a sudden?
No.
I'm just saying it's not like
I was out there
jerking off or something.
I've been sourcing ingredients
for you all morning.
That's your job.
It's not like you're doing
me some kind of favour.
That's not what I mean.
We're done
talking about this.
- Is that everything I asked for?
- Yeah.
Good.
Start prepping!
Yes, Chef.
Next to you.
What's next?
That's enough.
I need you guys
to do these three bags.
I need them done
in like 15 minutes, okay?
Okay.
Ah, you're picking out
some , eh?
You wanna go grab some
for these guys?
Help 'em out?
Teach 'em how to cut.
So...?
Taste it.
It's not bad.
Wait for it.
See?
That's how you know
it's a little bit old.
- Yeah.
- Okay?
- These are good.
- Mm-hm.
These are good.
Smell that, that's good.
There you go.
Good job, good job.
These are shit, though.
They look shit.
Alright.
You're the chef.
- Hey.
- Uh-huh?
- Here you are.
- Mm-hm.
Thought maybe you
got hit by a bus or something,
but I guess not.
What are you talking about?
You said you'd
come by last night,
- and then radio silence.
- No, I remember that.
I remember saying
I'd try to come by, try.
Emphasis on "try."
Well, I waited up.
Well, you shouldn't have.
I was working.
Hm, that's
one way of putting it.
Okay, Chloe, look.
The best time for me to
menu plan is after hours.
It's the only time I get any
peace and quiet around here.
You still could call.
You know, that's what people do.
- Okay.
- You know, right, right.
I... sorry, I forgot
who I was talking to.
Well, you could at least make
an effort to pick up the phone
when I call you.
Chloe, I am busy.
Do you have anything urgent
you want to discuss,
preferably work-related?
Or is this all gonna be
about the airing of your
trivial personal grievances?
Oh, hey.
Uh, Ray's upstairs pouring some
of the new stuff from his book.
I figured you'd want
to taste with us.
Yes, I would love that,
Steven, thank you.
See?
I'm busy.
I mean...
it's pretty.
It's pretty.
But, like, it has no depth.
It has...
this is a table wine.
Hi, this is Chloe from
L'Asange, I'm calling...
It's a nice a table wine.
I'm not... you know.
Alright.
...7:30 tonight.
Okay.
Okay, great, we'll see you then.
Thank you.
Oh...
Right.
I like this
for the pork belly.
You don't think
something a bit more acidic
would stand up to it better?
Like, maybe...
an off-dry Riesling.
You know, something
with a touch of sweetness.
Oh, come on.
No, no, no.
I can't go back to white
at that point in the sequence.
It's gotta be the Pino.
It's gotta... what, don't...
you're just looking at me like...
We can try it.
- Come on, come on.
- So sorry to interrupt.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Well, one second...
I'm, I'm...
It will
just take a minute.
Alright.
Uh, so I was going over
the reservations for tonight,
and there is a name
with no contact info.
I know I didn't book it.
Evans, four people, at 8 pm.
Yeah, that's...
that's my friends.
- Oh, okay.
- That's me.
Sorry, I didn't
recognize the name.
Do you have a contact number
you want me to call to confirm?
Nope.
It's good.
They're coming.
- You sure about that?
- Mm-hm.
Okay, if you say so.
I do.
- We done?
- Yeah.
- I can go... back?
Hello?
Uh, yeah,
hey, Ev, it's Dan.
Yeah, I know.
What's up?
Uh, nothing.
I just, um...
I'm calling to make sure
that we're still on for tonight.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Why wouldn't we be?
Uh, I don't know.
No reason.
I'm just... I just was
calling to make a...
Uh... so it's gonna be
four people, right?
That's right.
Cool, cool,
cool, cool, cool.
And 8 o'clock?
We're still on, 8 o'clock?
Yeah, see you later.
Cool, cool.
Uh, Dan,
you got a visitor.
What?
Who?
Sid.
No...
He's not here, is he?
Yeah,
he's waiting at the bar.
Jesus Christ, I can't
deal with his shit right now.
You gotta run interference.
Er, what does that mean?
Like, go and be
a buffer or something.
Like, work your feminine charms.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't realize that was
part of my job description.
That's, like,
practically the essence
of your job description.
Ha-ha, screw you, Dan.
I have a lot of responsibilities
around here that don't involve
batting my eyelashes
at the landlord.
Hey, hey, calm down!
I'm joking.
- I was joking.
- You're not funny.
I know.
Look, just...
I'm sorry.
I take it back.
You are indispensable
to the smooth functioning
of this establishment, okay?
Yeah, okay.
Okay, now you gotta
go tell him that I'm not here.
Uh, yeah, that's
not gonna work either.
Why not?
'Cause he
knows you're here.
How does
he know I'm here?
He knows you're here
because you're always here, Dan.
Alright, alright.
I'm gonna... deal with it.
There he is!
Il padrone!
How are ya?
Danny.
Yeah.
It's good to...
it's good to see you.
Looking very well.
Retirement's suiting you.
Semi-retirement.
Not out to pasture just yet.
Right, I didn't...
okay, so do you want a drink
or something?
I can fix you...
- What do you want?
- It's barely noon.
Okay, so let's...
Well, you wanna talk upstairs?
Let's get outta here.
Let's, um...
Sure I can't
get you anything, Sid?
Espresso or a seltzer
or something?
Cut the shit.
Uh...
just trying to make
you feel welcome.
I'm just trying to
be a mensch here.
Well, it's my building.
You don't need to
make me feel welcome.
And you wanna be a mensch?
- Start by paying your rent.
- Okay...
I'm assuming that means that you
didn't get the cheque I sent?
- 'Cause...
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
- Yeah, I got it, alright.
- Okay.
It bounced.
Just like the last one,
and the one before that.
I didn't know that.
I said
cut the shit already!
I have been calling you for
weeks, leaving you messages.
You're dodging me
and you know it.
I am not dodging you, Sid!
I'm just busy.
Oh, I'm sorry you're busy.
Uh, forget about it, then.
Don't worry.
Really?
That's your excuse, huh?
It's not...
It's not an excuse.
It's just...
it's just the truth, Sid.
Well, we're all
busy these days, Danny.
I'm supposed to be semi-retired.
I'm up to my eyeballs in busy.
I don't know what
you want me to tell ya.
I got a full plate
I'm dealing with.
So what?
Does that mean that you don't
have to pay your rent anymore?
Or answer your phone?
I should not have to come
all the way down here
to hound you like you're
some sort of a deadbeat.
I got better things
to do, you know?
I'll level with you.
I...
I got a bit of a cash flow
situation right now.
I'm just in
a bit of a hole,
but I'm digging
myself out of it.
I got a thing tonight that's
gonna solve all my problems.
Tonight.
That's what
they all say, Danny.
You're nearly
four months behind.
I can't just keep
letting that go on.
You're talking like
this is a chronic problem.
This has never happened before.
This is...
You know it's never
happened before.
This is a blip.
It's a...
it's a... aberration.
It's a temporary
issue, that's it.
I don't know what
you want me to do for you.
I just want you
to cut me a break!
You can do that
for me, right, Sid?
Sid, come on.
Just like a reprieve,
a little... a break.
For old times' sake?
I have given you
plenty of breaks.
If you don't want to
give me a break, maybe...
you'd give one for Jack?
You see?
There was a mensch.
It's not the word
I would use, but that's...
I know you two
had your differences,
but he bankrolled this
restaurant for you.
He didn't bankroll, I...
He left me the money.
- I started the...
- Okay, either way,
he was always
a good friend to me.
Okay, so...
Do we have
an accommodation here?
Sid...
Alright, I will give you
to the end of the month
to get square, but after that,
all bets are off.
Fine, good, great.
That's... thank you,
thank you.
Okay, no, listen, Danny.
I'm willing to do you
this favour today,
but make no mistake,
push comes to shove,
I will not hesitate to sue you
for defaulting on the lease.
Never mind your father, I will
get the bailiff to evict you,
and I will sue you for
everything that you owe me,
plus interest.
You understand?
Your shirt's inside out.
Everything okay?
Huh?
With what?
With Sid.
Oh, yeah, no, Sid.
He's, uh...
You know, he's Sid.
He just likes to bust chops.
Makes him feel alive.
What the fuck is
going on across the street?
They got a line-up
halfway down the block.
Huh?
It's just another
food truck, right?
Like, what am I missing?
Oh, no, no, these guys
are more like the hottest thing
in town.
DAN:
- What?
- Barf.
It's true!
They have this huge following.
They post their location
every day on social media,
- and the fans coming running.
- I know how it works.
I just don't understand how
it's still a trend, you know,
how much longer people
want to eat on the sidewalk.
You might actually
like their stuff.
It's pretty playful
and innovative.
I do not need
to try a new gimmicky take
on fusion street food.
They got
pretty great reviews.
Come on, Chloe, you know that
critics are bullshit, right?
They're all just lemmings
out desperately looking
for the next
flavour of the month.
- That's it.
- Fine.
But people seem to really like
what these guys are doing.
Plus, it doesn't hurt
that they are young and hot.
Well, you just
proved my point now.
Hm?
That's... that's...
now, that's really a case of
style over substance, right?
Flash and hyperbole over...
over real achievement,
real ambition.
They're... they're...
they're just... they're tweets,
and they're faves, and they're
likes, and that's it!
They're just superficial
fuckin' bullshit, Chloe!
Okay...
Hey, you asked me about
the truck, and I told you.
I'm on your side, remember?
You tell Liam and Pedro
they gotta move
these tables for me?
Yes.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She's a beaut, huh?
Best you got, right?
Are you kidding me?
I mean, it doesn't get
better than a Mangalitsa.
Just check out the belly.
Look at the marbling.
It's... it's, uh...
Yeah, it's a little pricy, yeah?
It's pricy.
Will you knock it down
for me a little bit?
I don't know, man.
You get what you pay for.
That's premium-grade,
top-of-the-line.
Look, I got other
heritage breeds
if this is out of your league.
I mean, the Berkshires
are damn fine animals too.
No, yeah, yeah.
I want...
I want the Mangalitsa.
Alright, then.
You gonna get it
down for me, or...?
You want a hand?
I got it.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
You mother... fucker...
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Hello?
Hi, may I
speak to Daniel Bitterman,
- please?
- Bieterman.
I beg your pardon,
Daniel Bieterman.
Yeah, it's Daniel.
Who is this?
How'd you get this number?
It's a private line.
My name is Beth Childres.
I work for Insatiable.
I... don't know
what that is.
It's a website about food
culture and the culinary arts.
Ooh, food culture, huh?
Not just plain old
food, full-stop.
Ooh-la-la.
Call it what you will,
I write a restaurant blog.
Yeah, I'm sorry,
I don't read blogs.
Well,
I'm working on a piece
that I think you might
be interested in.
Why is that?
Because it concerns your
chef de cuisine, Keith Griffin.
Or should I say your soon-to-be
ex-chef de cuisine.
What are you talking about?
You really
don't know, do you?
Know what?
When were you
gonna fuckin' tell me?
- Tell you what?
- Don't play dumb with me.
I just got off the phone
with a writer from some website
asking for my comment on your
departure from my employ.
Comment, mind you,
not confirmation...
she had that already.
So, apparently,
this is a done deal,
and that's how
I find out about it.
From a fucking blogger!
What do you
want me to say?
I wasn't looking to leave, okay?
The Vortex people came to me
and made a crazy offer.
I would have been an idiot
to turn that down.
Then bring it to me
and see if I can match it!
Match it?
Are you kidding me?
No!
No, you would have
just gone ballistic, man.
You don't know that's true.
Oh, come on, Dan.
This is...
this is a big bump.
I mean, real bennies,
the whole package.
There's no way you could
afford to match that, man.
What... what
does that mean?
You don't know what
I can and can't afford!
Whatever!
It's not about
the money anyways.
Not really.
They're making me
executive chef.
No one above me.
I get to call
the shots there.
Wow.
And... this is
how you repay me?
Repay you?
For everything
I taught you.
Which, by the way,
is every fucking thing you know,
because you were a fucking
dish-washer when you came here!
And I busted my ass
for you for years!
I've had no life
outside of this place
for as long as I
can remember, Dan.
So I don't owe you shit!
Are you fucking
kidding me, man?
You owe me everything!
You wouldn't have gotten
that offer if it wasn't for me.
You wouldn't have
even gotten close to it.
You were nobody!
You had no training,
no experience.
You were nothing.
And I,
I saw something in you.
Mm-hm.
I recognized your talent.
I nurtured your abilities.
I lowered the ladder down to you
and pulled you up
from the fucking muck.
And I'm grateful to you,
Dan, always will be.
But I've climbed as
high as I could here.
I've hit my head on the ceiling.
Can't you see that?
Look, you said
that you're not a real chef
as long as you're grinding
for somebody else, right?
Right?
You gotta have
your own kitchen,
be your own boss,
cook your own food.
That was your
fucking mantra, Dan!
I was talking about myself!
Yeah.
Yeah, of course you were.
Mm-hm.
Ah...
You know, if this
is how you feel,
maybe you just get your shit
and get out of here, you know?
It doesn't have
to be like this, you know?
We can go our separate ways
with mutual respect.
No fireworks, no drama.
- Mutual respect.
- Yeah.
Like normal colleagues.
Friends, even.
Who the fuck
said we were friends?
Fine.
Have it your way.
You always do.
You fired Keith?
Judas...?
Was it Brutus?
One of those dudes.
That's a little much,
don't you think?
No, I don't think
it's a little much, Chloe.
He literally betrayed me.
He stabbed me in the back.
Or he...
went behind my back, and...
Whatever it was,
my back was...
Look, textbook betrayal!
Maybe it all
came out in an awkward way,
but Keith is not a snake.
He is not sneaky.
It was just time
for him to move on.
Look, I get it.
You like Keith.
Everybody likes Keith;
he's a great guy.
But here's what you
don't understand.
This isn't just
a personal affront to me,
or some professional
falling out where, like,
the protege is splitting up
with the mentor
and striking out on his own,
and blah-blah-blah.
No.
I invested in him.
I invested time
and energy and expertise...
Resources!
And now this Vortex group
is gonna swoop in
and reap the dividends.
They get my methods,
my recipes, my secrets.
These are things I shared
with Keith in good faith.
You don't know that
he's just gonna make some
copy-cat menu for them.
Chloe, why do you
think they hired him?
For his fucking vision?
He had no track record
outside of me!
He's got... he's got
no credentials!
They want to steal my ideas,
and then make some shitty,
knock-off, assembly-line
version of my cuisine.
And Keith is gonna
give it to 'em.
He's gonna implement
some soulless corporate
hospitality group's ersatz
"bistronomy" concept?
Well, fuck him!
And fuck that, and fuck him
for believing in that bullshit!
Okay.
Okay, I see where
you're coming from, Dan.
But I'm sure Keith wasn't
deliberately trying to harm you,
let alone rip you off.
He is just doing
what is best for himself.
You know, advancing his career.
Come on, Chloe.
Why are you defending him to me?
I'm just...
Of course it's understandable
from his point of view!
Yeah, nobody's
a villain to themselves.
Hitler had reasons.
Like, he had a whole
rationale for all that stuff.
In his brain, it all worked out,
and that he was doing the
right thing, but you know what?
He wasn't.
He was the bad guy.
Hitler?
Okay, that analogy's not...
the best, but like,
you get what I'm saying.
Sort of?
Okay.
This isn't about Keith at all.
This is about me.
It's all about me.
I...
I'm the one at fault here.
Wow.
Uh, well, that's certainly
big of you to admit.
Mm-hm.
And a critical mistake.
You should
have treated Keith better
and not taken him for granted?
What?
No.
Opposite!
If anything,
I trusted him too much.
That's the takeaway here.
That's the lesson.
It's a lesson that I gotta learn
over and over and over again,
for some fuckin' reason.
You let people get too close,
and they are
gonna fuck you over.
Sorry, Dan.
To be honest,
I was afraid this might happen.
What?
That you would react
like this when you found out,
- and..
- What are you saying?
You're saying...
What are you saying?
You're saying you knew
that Keith was gonna leave?
Uh...
I mean, uh...
he didn't really
confide in me...
Look, I wasn't 100% sure, I...
- Oh!
- Yeah, okay, yes.
I heard rumblings.
You heard...
Why wouldn't you tell me
the rumblings?!
Well, because
I didn't think it was my place!
And I didn't want
to poison the well.
I figured that Keith
would talk to you directly
if he was gonna make a move,
and I didn't want to
get in the middle of it.
You are my eyes
and ears out there, Chloe!
I...
That is definitely within
your job description!
Okay, it wouldn't have
changed anything, would it?
It absolutely would
have changed things!
How?
I wouldn't have
been blindsided, for one!
I could have prepared
for this eventuality,
and planned
an orderly transition,
instead of being caught
off guard short-handed
tonight of all fuckin' nights!
Now I gotta find
a fuckin' replacement.
Fucker,
fucker, fucker...
Fucker.
God.
Here...
Not a complete asshole.
Ah...
Oh!
Hey, did you find someone?
Um...
I tried, but no one's available
at short notice, and I...
can't be beating
the bushes anymore.
- So...?
- So I'm gonna do it.
- I'm gonna do Keith's job.
- Plus your job?
Yeah, plus my job.
I mean, what choice
do I have, Chloe?
Someone's gotta pick up
the slack around here.
What about Angela?
- The new girl?
- She's not that new.
She's been here
almost six months.
That's nothing.
She is not ready yet.
Is that
because she's a woman?
No, it is not
because she's a woman.
It has to do with experience.
Do you know how long Keith
was here before I promoted him?
- Fine.
- How long?
Do it yourself...
if you think that's the best
use of your resources.
Thank you!
So, as you're aware, Keith
is no longer employed here.
Yes, Chef.
I bet you knew for weeks
that he was leaving.
Apparently everybody here
knew except for me.
But, ah... never mind.
Never mind.
Uh, it's in the past.
We are here to talk
about the present,
and perhaps the future.
Keith is gone,
and that leaves me with
a bit of a problem, right?
Yes, Chef.
So, I understand
you're classically trained.
It says you went to CIA?
Yes, Chef.
That's a good school.
Very...
prestigious.
But basically you have a formal
education and a fancy degree,
but very little in the way
of practical experience.
Would you say
that that's true?
- Yes, Chef.
- Okay.
Still, you've been
here a while.
Long enough to know
the lay of the land,
understand what Keith did
for me day-in, day-out,
the full extent of his duties.
Yes, Chef.
Good.
And...
what do you have to say?
Do you think you
can handle all that?
- Yes, Chef.
- Dah...
Okay.
You gotta cut that shit out.
Cut what out, Chef?
You know what you're doing.
You can't just...
automatically "Yes, Chef"
me to death,
like some fuckin'
deferential fuckin' parrot.
This is important.
You have to think
before you speak,
and consider your answer.
If you overstate your capacities
or exaggerate your competence,
I am gonna find out
so fucking fast,
and I'm gonna have
to shit-can you too.
So I'm gonna ask you again.
Last time, okay?
So, fuckin'...
answer me honestly.
Be straight.
Is this a job you
think you can do?
- Yes, Chef.
- Fuck!
Okay...
Mm...
Now, ah...
Yeah, alright.
Fair enough.
This is a mess.
You need to clean
this up right now.
Hm...
That done yet?
No, um...
Give me a sec, I... I got
sidetracked there for a bit.
So I take it things are
working out okay with Angela.
- So far, so good.
- Told you she's good.
That's not what I said.
I said, "So far, so good," okay?
Jury's still out.
Let's see how
she handles the rush.
Okay.
And you're welcome,
by the way.
I'm sorry.
Are you suggesting I should be
thanking you for some reason?
Well, yeah,
of course you should.
I mean, I recommended
her, didn't I?
I hired her.
No, I think
Keith hired her,
and you never would have even
considered her to fill his shoes
without my prompting.
Oh, right, 'cause
I'm a sexist boss again.
- Is that it?
- I didn't say that.
Yeah, no, you just
implied it, as per usual.
Okay, well, you have
to admit that sometimes
you are a little
slow to recognize
a woman's abilities
and contributions.
And don't roll your eyes at me,
'cause it's totally true.
Ah, what are you
angling for, Chloe?
Because I guarantee calling me
a male chauvinist pig
is not the best way
to go about getting it.
Now that you mention it,
a little acknowledgement
every once in a while
would be kind of gratifying.
Oh, you want credit?
I can give you credit.
I was in a bit
of a pickle there,
and you came up with
an effective solution,
however provisional.
Bravo, well done.
Way to think on your feet.
Keep up the good work.
Wow.
You really know how to make
a girl feel special, don't you?
I just gave
you your due, Chloe.
What more do you want?
Actually,
I have a lot of great ideas
that I think would be
really beneficial around here,
so you might just want to start
listening to me more often.
Okay, now
you're pushing your luck.
Can we just get
through this evening
without any more mishaps?
Please.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No...
No, no, no.
Oh, oh, oh!
What are you doing, what are
you doing, what are you doing?
What do you mean,
what am I doing?
- I have my conference, remember?
- What?
We talked
about it weeks ago.
You agreed to look
after him this afternoon.
But that's today?
Well, yes,
that's today!
Saturday.
I'm presenting my paper!
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!
- Hey!
- Hey, little man!
- How you doing?
- Hi, Dad.
Good, how are you?
Can you do me a favour?
Can you just pop back inside the
car for like one more minute?
How come?
Just, like, one more,
because I just need to finish
a conversation with Mommy, okay?
Mais
tu es incroyable, tu sais?
Please, please, this is a
very bad... it's not a good day.
It's never
a good day for you, Daniel.
This is a really bad day.
I am deep in the weeds today.
In the weeds.
That's what you always say!
It's a big cliche!
It's a cliche for a reason.
It's a cliche 'cause it's true.
Wait,
that's a cliche too!
Look, I'm saying this
is a particularly bad day.
Keith bailed on me.
- Keith quit?
- Yes.
Mais vraiment?
I mean,
technically I fired him.
But it was because
he was gonna bail on me!
I had no choice!
He was gonna leave me
for another restaurant!
I obviously didn't want
to fire him.
Plus, Sid has got my balls
in a vice,
and he's cranking 'em.
- He's cranking on my nuts!
- Okay, okay!
I get it, I don't need
to hear more about your balls!
Look, all I'm saying
is these aren't
garden-variety weeds.
These are like big, bad, Day
of the Triffids mother-fuckers.
I know that's not...
you don't know what that is,
but like, they're... it's...
I don't
ask you for much.
You promised me this time.
I can't do it.
Look at me.
I can't do it, I can't do it,
I can't do it.
I'm so sorry.
Please, please mercy, please.
Mercy?
Oh mon dieu.
But this isn't a punishment.
He's your son.
You should want to
spend time with him.
I know.
I wasn't going to
get into this with you, but...
What?
I need to
tell you something,
but I don't want to do it
with Jonah around.
What are we doing?
What, what, what?
Okay, I don't want
you to fly off the handle.
You assume I'm gonna
fly off the handle?
You're marrying that Ted guy?
He is a loser.
Marianne, he's a loser.
What?
No.
We broke up, actually.
Oh.
Sorry to hear that.
Okay, tell me
the shitty thing already.
Look...
This isn't easy
for me to say, but...
I am moving back
home with Jonah.
What, back to Paris?
Yes, back to Paris!
Of course!
Why would you do that?
You can't...
Your whole life is here.
His whole life is here.
He's got friends in school.
You know how disruptive it's
gonna be for a kid like that?
You're just gonna uproot him?
Why would you do that?
Because I
need help, Daniel!
I need more support.
Okay.
I know I haven't provided for...
Come on, you can't
be this hard up.
I mean, there must be plenty
left in that settlement.
I'm not
talking about the money.
I need a support system.
My parents are there,
my whole family.
Just, I need people
that I can count on.
Ray, what's
the story, buddy?
I thought you said we were
gonna get these cases today.
Like I told Steven,
yeah, I can get them to you,
but I'm gonna need COD.
Oh, fuckin' COD.
What happened to net 60?
Come on, Daniel,
your account's way overdue.
I can't just
invoice you anymore.
How long we been
in business together, man?
- Nine.
- Like nine years, right?
And all of a sudden
you don't trust me?
Like, all of a sudden
my word's no good?
It's got nothing
to do with that.
It's not personal.
Don't say
it's business, man.
Don't, don't.
But it is.
That's exactly what it is.
That's...
Aah!
It's... you're lying.
It's bullshit.
It's personal because
you're still pissed
about how I wouldn't go in for
that pay-for-play on the lane
- with that plonk.
- That's not true.
You've always been free to order
whatever you want from me
- or not, no strings attached.
- Mm, yeah.
For me to order it... you're just
not gonna fuckin' deliver it.
I've let you coast on
credit before, but I'm sorry,
I talked to Chuck and we
just can't do it anymore.
This was a rush job.
The driver's pulling OT.
I've gone out of my way
for you already.
Yup, and I, uh...
I appreciate you, buddy.
I just... so here's what...
here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna cut you
a big, fat cheque on Monday.
That's not good enough.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna...
I'm gonna messenger it
first thing in the morning.
I just told you
I can't do it.
It's COD or no-go.
Fuck, you are
killing me, man.
You know how badly
I need this shit,
and you've got me over a barrel.
Is that it?
What's it gonna be, Dan?
Tick-tock.
Did you just
fuckin' tick-tock me?
Ray, you mother-fucker,
the deal is cancelled,
and you can stick
that precious Pino
up your fuckin' weaselly ass!
I know.
I'm just not gonna
be out-muscled
by some fucking
wine-peddling pussy!
No offence.
None taken.
You know I don't think
you're a pussy, man.
No, I know, Dan.
But we really
needed those cases.
I know, I know!
Just...
Look, look.
It's back there,
I know it is.
Just dig deep.
Dig deep back there.
We have it.
We just need it for tonight.
Something, anything.
Go back there, please, please.
You got this?
- Yes.
- Great.
Okay.
Voila!
This is the final draft?
Yeah, you know
I can't promise that.
Yeah, fair enough.
Um, so, FYI, these
douchebags have been parked
across the street all day.
They just can't
camp out like that.
Um, like what?
Well, they're just...
they're just squatting.
They're taking up
multiple spots.
That's not kosher.
So, what do you
want me to do about it?
Maybe call the cops
or something, I don't know.
Sure, I'll call 911,
'cause this definitely
qualifies as an emergency.
Call the parking
enforcement.
There's gotta be like a snitch
line for shit like this.
It's not legal
what they're doing!
They're all the way
on the other side of the street.
It's really bothering
you that much?
Yes, it's really
bothering me that much.
Can you please take care of it?
We've already found
enough for tonight, Dan.
This isn't really necessary.
I'm telling you there's
one back here somewhere.
You know, I don't recall
off-hand seeing an '05 Grand Cru
just lying around before.
Positive you didn't
drink it already?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure
I'd remember polishing that off.
Wait, wait,
wait a second...
What do we have... here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's it, that's it.
Ah, there she is.
I knew we had one.
That's a rare item.
How'd you get your hands on it?
I got a case when I was
in France on my honeymoon.
A long time ago.
You could probably get
a small fortune for it now.
Maybe.
But we're gonna cop it.
And you're gonna pour it
with the pork belly
for the VIP table.
Are you sure?
I mean, it seems like a shame
to just give it away like that.
I mean, the wine's still
got great aging potential,
and you could definitely keep
it solid for a while longer.
Maybe even till Jonah's
old enough to appreciate it.
No, I need it.
I gotta dazzle some assholes.
Okay, you're the boss.
Alright, we're done!
Actually, Dan, I've
been meaning to talk to you.
Why?
What are you gonna say?
I don't want to talk anymore
about this Ray business, okay?
There's nothing more
to say about the guy.
He's an ungrateful sack of shit.
Yeah, but the thing is,
it's not just him.
I've been getting a lot of
pushback from vendors lately.
They're refusing to re-up
until we get current.
Look...
I'm doing what I can.
Sure, of course.
But in the meantime,
the list keeps shrinking.
A lot of stuff is out
of stock, and you know,
it never looks good when
people try to order something
we don't even carry anymore.
So revise the list!
Revise the fucking list.
Call it a conscious
curatorial decision.
"Tighter selection."
"Short, but well-edited."
"Menu-driven as always."
Come on, man.
- Daniel...
- What?
I hate to bring this up,
but there's also a fair amount
of inventory that's just...
missing.
You think one of your
guys has sticky fingers?
Honestly, no,
I don't think that's it.
Something you want
to say to me, Steven?
- No.
- Good.
- So we're done.
- Yeah, we're done.
Great!
Except how
do you want me to account
for the discrepancies?
Are you fucking
kidding me, man?
Breakage and spillage!
What the fuck?
These truck guys
are still out here?
Uh, yeah,
I called the dispatch centre
and reported them, but I mean,
what more do you want me to do?
Tell them myself?
- The chutzpah on these guys.
- Ah...
Fucking generation.
What happened to paying
your dues, right?
Kids these days.
I...
Are you joking?
I'm not joking.
This is not a joke.
Okay.
Sorry, you're absolutely right.
Millennials really
are the worst.
When I was starting out,
we apprenticed ourselves.
Oh.
Yeah,
we fucking sacrificed,
and we worked our way up,
and we earned our stripes.
We didn't just hang up a shingle
and then start selling
novelty snacks, and then
get hailed the next big thing.
Okay, I'm pretty sure
those guys went
to culinary school.
That's not...
culinary school is coddling.
It's like...
eeh...
It's like fucking kindergarten.
I'm talking about
being on the front lines
and feeling the heat,
and being in the trenches
with your back up
against the wall.
Okay.
Okay, Dan, whatever you say.
Uh, I'm gonna go
get ready for service.
You got this.
I got it.
You got this?
I got this.
I got it.
You got this?
I got it!
I got it.
I got this.
You got it?
I got it.
You got this?
I got it!
I got this, I got this,
I got this...
You in there, Dan?
What?
Yeah, what is it?
There's something I think
you should take a look at.
Just give me a minute.
Alright,
can I just come in?
Yeah, just a sec.
Just a sec.
- Hey, what the fuck?!
- What?
- The door was unlocked!
- I'm changing!
Okay, it is nothing
I haven't seen before.
And besides,
you're fully dressed.
Look, I am in the middle
of my pre-game routine.
It is sacred to me.
I need to be laser-focused
and fully present.
That means no distractions.
Besides, you know
how superstitious I am
about my rituals!
Okay, uh, well, I think
you're gonna want to take a look
- at this anyway.
- I don't.
Well, what is it?
It's a story about
Keith and Insatiable.
If it's about Keith,
what's it got to do with me?
Well, maybe you should
just read it for yourself.
I am not
fucking reading that.
Summarize it for me.
Well, uh, there were
some relatively unflattering
- statements made about you.
- By Keith?
No, not by Keith.
Fuck, why are you telling
me this shit right now, Chloe?
I am telling you because
the last time you thought
I was holding out on you,
you got so mad at me.
Like, I didn't want
you to feel blindsided
if you stumbled across this or
if somebody else brought it up.
This is different.
This is a fucking blog.
Nobody gives a shit what
this bitch has to say.
Uh, actually,
it was other chefs
talking shit about you.
Well, is that so surprising?
I mean, I've stepped on
a lot of toes over the years.
Of course there's gonna
be some hacks out there
who want to bad-mouth me.
I don't care what
they have to say.
I don't care.
They can all go fuck themselves.
Okay.
Good.
So you're saying
this is not an issue?
Yup.
Not an issue.
It's a non-issue.
- Okay.
- Great.
Uh, wait a minute,
wait a minute, um...
What?
Close the door for a sec?
Yeah?
So, I got
a few minutes before
I gotta address the troops,
and I was thinking that we...
Mm-hm?
- ...could, um...
What are the chances
I could get, like, a blowjob?
Are you fucking joking?
I am...
always serious about fellatio.
That is a subject that
is deadly serious for me.
That was a joke.
That was a joke!
That was... look at me.
I'm joking.
Joking!
But I am serious about the first
part about the blow job part.
- That... that was earnest.
- Alright, Jesus, Dan.
Calm... fuck, I'm...
I'm tense!
You know?
I'm... I just need...
And you brought
that article in here!
I don't need
that shit right now.
That's fucking my head up!
I thought you said
it was a non-issue.
And now I'm rattled.
Come on, I just...
I...
I need...
I need a release, so...
Un-fucking-believable.
You know, you could have
gotten some release last night,
but you stood me up, remember?
And I apologized for that.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
No, you didn't.
In fact, you made an explicit
point of not apologizing.
And I'm making up
for that right now.
By sexually harassing me.
It's not sexual harassment
when you're in a relationship!
Okay, first off,
I don't think that's true.
And...
Ooh, secondly,
it begs the question...
Are we in a relationship, Dan?
Hm?
Is that what... this is?
Because it doesn't really feel
like a relationship to me.
It feels like
I'm your employee.
Your employee that you
order around and criticize
and don't appreciate,
and that you also happen
to fuck from time to time,
but only when it's
convenient for you, of course.
And so I'm thinking
that if that is the case,
if that is the state
of affairs between us,
then I should
probably just quit,
because I am sick and tired of
being the whore on your payroll.
No, Chloe, stop, stop!
Look, please don't
walk out on me!
Why?
Hm?
Why not?
Give me one good reason.
Because I need you.
Okay.
So you...
you need me, need me?
Or you need me to work
the front desk tonight?
Can't it be both?
I mean, is it
mutually exclusive?
- You are un-fucking...
- Okay, wait!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
- Okay!
Just let me...
I need to say one thing.
Haven't you said enough?
This is a different thing.
Just... hear me out.
Do I have a choice?
I mean, yes,
you have a choice.
I'm not gonna force
you to listen to me.
Yet, you're
literally blocking the door
with your body.
Hm?
Dah!
Yeah, okay.
What?
Say what you have to say.
Okay.
You know that reservation you
were asking me about before?
- Evans, party of four?
- Yeah, the VIP table?
Right, the VIP table.
Well, that is not just some
asshole I need to
bend over backwards for.
I've known that guy
since forever,
and he is seriously considering
investing in the restaurant.
What do you mean,
investing?
I mean, giving me money.
Money I really,
really need right now.
Oh, for God's sake, Dan.
What did you do?
What did I do?
What does that mean,
"What did I do?"
I didn't do anything!
I'm just saying
the restaurant is in the red,
and it has been for
a really long time.
No, we've been
consistently busy.
I thought things
were going well.
Well, not well enough.
What do you want me to say?
It's a tough business
even at the best of times.
I'm just...
I have been covering
the losses for over a year,
and I'm tapped out.
I can't make up
the shortfall anymore.
I'm gonna have to close the
doors unless I get an infusion
of cash, and I'm talking
about a significant infusion.
Yeah.
Now you know.
Now you know why
tonight is so important,
and why I don't
want you to leave.
Why I'm begging you to stay.
Please, Chlo...
I need you.
Now, I shouldn't have
to remind you of this,
but apparently you're slipping
up again, so let me stress,
for the umpteenth time,
how important it is you do not
elaborate on, or add to,
any of these descriptions.
They are minimal
and oblique on purpose.
They are meant to be suggestive
and reflect an air of mystery,
so please respect that
and refrain from the urge
to improvise or interpret,
or otherwise comment on,
what is written here.
Is that clear?
Now, if someone asks you
directly for your...
Here we go.
Fire two soups!
Yes, Chef!
Fire four salads!
Fire two soups, two salads!
Yes, Chef.
Fire four veg,
fire two meat!
Yes, Chef.
- Fire two soups!
- Yes, Chef.
Fire two soups!
Yes, Chef.
Fire two sweet!
- Hi, how you doing?
- Hi.
Uh, I got a reservation
for four at 8 pm, Evans.
Mark Evans.
Ah, yeah, Mr. Evans,
we have you in
the private dining area.
If you just follow me
through here.
- Oh, Mark, good to see you.
- Yeah, you too, you too.
- You remember my wife, Adley?
- Of course.
And this is one of
my partners, Eugene Barnes.
Great.
Well, welcome.
Thank you so much for coming.
Glad you could
all join us tonight.
Normally I would let one of
my staff give the opening spiel,
but I wanted to come up myself,
greet all of you,
make sure you were
comfortable and settled in
before we kick this thing off.
- Okay, I think we're good.
- Yes?
Okay.
Alright, great.
Well, let me get right to it.
The menu tonight,
it consist of seven courses,
each accompanied
by a wine pairing.
I'm usually wary of extended
storytelling metaphors,
but if you are so inclined,
you could imagine
that each course
is an episode or a chapter.
The dishes have standalone
integrity, of course,
but there is a cohesiveness
and a progression to the menu,
the proverbial whole
amounting to more than
the sum of its parts.
Okay, well...
Now that we're started,
we're settled in,
we can get you going
with an amuse,
and that should
whet your appetites
and complement the fine
growers' champagne
that my sommelier Steven
has kindly provided.
And that's it.
Bon appetit.
Alright, cheers to that.
I want to
double-fire on table 12.
You bring every dish
to me personally.
Yes, Chef.
- Um...
- What's wrong?
I wouldn't say anything
is necessarily wrong, per se...
I know
something's fucked up.
What are you doing back here?
There's just
a little wrinkle you should
- probably be aware of.
- Hands.
What?
Beth Childres is sitting
at one of the high-tops.
Who is that?
Beth Childres.
You know, the blogger.
Oh, for...
How do you know it's her?
Uh, it's her, alright.
She's not one of these
anonymous reviewers.
She's more like
the opposite of that.
Everybody knows what
she looks like, so...
What does she want?
Beats me,
but apparently not just a drink.
She ordered
the full degustation.
Hands!
Table six.
Thank you.
Okay.
Uh, fire two meat,
fire four fish, fire two sweet!
Yes, Chef!
You got a lot of
nerve showing up here
after what you wrote about me.
So you do read
my blog after all?
No, no, no.
Not a chance.
Someone gave me the gist,
and you repeatedly
mocked and insulted me.
Well, that's
not quite accurate.
I merely quoted other
professionals in the field
expressing their
individual opinions,
which don't necessarily
reflect my own point of view.
That's barely a disclaimer.
It was a hit job, you know it.
You basically called...
basically called me a has-been.
But look around.
Does this place seem
moribund to you?
No, it does not.
We are full up, and I am
operating at the height
of my powers, right now.
And I never
said otherwise.
I just pointed out
that you are not part
of the larger
conversation anymore.
People aren't talking about you.
You've...
you've lost your buzz.
Buzz is bullshit.
It's a made-up word
that doesn't fucking exist.
It was invented by publicists
and marketing idiots
and media people like you,
who can all get in
on the same circle jerk.
Well, I'm not like that,
I never have been,
and I never will be.
You're quite the contrarian,
aren't you?
A real old-school rebel
playing by your own rules,
proudly out-of-step
with the times.
You think...
you think I'm posturing?
You think this is just,
like, I'm striking a pose
to be controversial?
Well, I'm not.
It's just me.
This is me.
I'm not some
cynical, opportunistic,
pandering parasite,
like...
you.
Okay.
Daniel, I get it.
And I certainly hope
that's working out for you,
because at the end of the day,
we all know what
happened to the dinosaurs,
don't we?
Wow.
You have a great dinner,
Miss Childres.
Hands, please.
Thank you.
Oh, my god.
Good.
Thank you.
Wait a minute,
no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No!
Black, black.
Re-fire two meats!
Yes, Chef.
I'm doing that.
I'm doing it.
Out, out, out.
Hands, please.
Bearded guy gets
this one, okay?
Thank you.
It's my pleasure
to tell you that the chef has
a special surprise to
accompany your next course.
A wine pairing
exclusively for your table.
He's reached deep into
his own personal cellar
to find this rare
2005 Grand Cru
from one of the finest
domains in all of Burgundy.
Thank you.
How are we doing up there?
Uh, I'd say they were...
- suitably impressed.
- Good.
Fucking-well better be.
That's a $2,000 bottle of wine.
Oh, minimum.
They, uh, wanted me
to have the last glass.
Mm-hm?
How fuckin' magnanimous of them.
It should really go to you.
You should have it.
You sure?
I've had it before, so...
Yeah, no, but I mean,
it's not the same wine
anymore, is it?
It's matured into
something more...
more complex, more nuanced.
Ah.
It's all yours.
- Oh, Jesus Christ, man!
- Hey.
You just scared
the shit out of me.
Ah, that's... I...
I saw you come down here,
so I just wanted to, like...
Wanted to catch a peek,
before I zip up?
- You sure?
- No, I just...
I wanted to say, uh...
Was it good?
Everything was good?
- Oh, it was fantastic.
- Great!
- Yeah.
- Great.
Yeah, Eugene's wife's
been Instagramming every course.
- Love to hear it.
- Yeah.
Great, so that's great.
Everything's great?
Yeah.
I mean, we're...
we're great?
Like, you and I are great?
Oh, yeah.
Let's talk on Monday about that.
Yeah, fuck Monday.
'Cause we're...
I mean, we're here, right?
So...
You mean, you wanna
do it right this minute?
While my wife's waiting
back at the table?
- I get it.
- Yeah.
Obviously, I...
I can't really wait till Monday,
so you gotta tell me right now.
Are we gonna do this?
Yeah?
Yes or no?
Uh, it's not that simple.
Mm.
No?
It's not fuckin' rocket science.
Heh...
Yeah.
I mean, look,
it's a great restaurant.
Mm, great.
Yeah.
You said that.
Back there, you said that once.
And I mean it.
I mean it.
The food is top-notch,
the experience,
the whole speech off the top.
You know, it feels very... I feel
very loved, taken care of.
If you love it,
why does it feel like
- you're backing out right now?
- I'm not, I'm not.
It's just, uh....
The numbers don't add up,
is the problem.
What?
I know that's
the fuckin' problem.
That's why I'm talking to you!
You're the numbers guy.
You're gonna...
I mean, right?
But I cannot
magically fix the math.
Even if I knew the precise way
that you could write this ship,
you're not gonna listen to me!
Come on, I would consider
everything you have to say.
Yeah, you'd consider it.
And then you'd go back
to doing things exactly
the way you wanted to.
That's exactly how you've
always done things.
That's what makes this
restaurant so unique.
So pure, if you will.
But that also makes it virtually
impossible to turn a profit.
It's not about a profit.
You're loaded, Ev.
All your partners are loaded.
That's not really...
It could be
a clubhouse for you.
You come in,
you could entertain.
Clients or whatever.
You could get anything you want.
You got somebody
you want to bring?
Nobody, you know,
little side piece or whatever.
I don't know!
Whatever you want.
I'm just saying, this could be...
this is the perfect
fucking write-off for you.
Yeah, except I'm not
looking for a write-off.
My partners and I are looking
for a legitimate opportunity,
with a reasonable
expectation of a return.
This place is not that.
I don't understand.
Did you know that you were gonna
come here and say this to me?
I mean, I jumped
through every hoop.
- I was your dancing bear.
- No!
I only came...
you invited me!
Don't I treat you well?
I hadn't been
here in a while...
I just brought people
whose opinions I respected,
and they love the place.
They're super-impressed!
- Okay!
- Yeah, but that just
underscores the point that the
quality is not the issue here.
- It never has been.
- That's what I'm saying!
But the numbers
that you sent me, I'm sorry,
but dollars and cents wise,
it makes no...
Look, it's the bottom
line, right?
That's why they call
it the bottom line.
That's it.
That's all that matters.
- Please.
- What?
Please.
I need you to do this thing.
You said it yourself,
the place is good.
The place is good.
It needs your help.
And you can give it.
I mean, this is nothing for you,
and you can be a part of
this thing that's good.
Right?
Okay, look, just stop,
please, okay?
You're disappointed, I get it.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter if
I'm doing well or not,
I'm not gonna throw
my money away on a whim.
Alright?
I'm not gonna be your patron,
if that's what
you're hoping for.
I'm not a Medici.
Not for a guaranteed
losing proposition.
This place is not
a sound investment.
It's not financially viable
anymore, if it ever was.
I can't believe
what you're doing.
What?
You're being
a shitty friend.
You're guilt-tripping me?
Is that supposed to work?
Okay, take all my money.
No, I'm just telling
you what you're doing.
That's what...
okay, okay.
You fucking had
a chance to save me,
and you're gonna leave me...
you're gonna walk away?
- Yeah.
- Shitty friend, Ev.
- That's you.
- Alright, you know what?
Can you just knock it off
with the calling me "Ev" shit,
like we're deep
fucking best friends
from way back in the day?
Alright, we were
never that close.
You realize that?
When you called me and asked me
for help, I was like, "Really?"
Wait, wait,
what are you talking about?
Does that not
ring a bell to you?
Quite honestly,
back in high school,
you didn't really
treat me very well.
I was... I was not
on your social level.
That was 25 fuckin' years ago.
And you haven't
changed a bit.
You're still so wrapped up
in your own little world
that you don't realize
you're a pompous,
egotistical prick
who doesn't give a shit
about anybody but himself.
So, no, I will not be
underwriting your petty fiefdom
moving forward.
If I were you, I would
actually declare bankruptcy.
You're not me.
You should cut your losses
before you get
even worse in debt.
And then maybe you take a good,
long look in the mirror,
and figure out how to stop
being such a fucking asshole.
You guys
have espresso, right?
We'll take four.
What are you doing out here?
We're in the middle of service.
What the fuck
does it matter?
Hey,
what is going on, Dan?
What happened?
What do you
think happened, Chloe?
He passed.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Oh, Jesus!
Ow!
God...
Oh my God.
Let me see, let me see.
I'm fine,
I'm fine, I'm fine.
No, you're not fine.
You're hurt.
Just let me see your hand!
Just let me see... Dan...
I don't need
your fuckin' help!
What's up, Chef?
Need a bite to eat?
Heh...
No, no.
I need for you to get the hell
outta here, that's what I need.
- That's a good one.
- Yeah.
- You're joking, right?
- No, no.
You got your little block party.
Good for you.
Sure you took a nice
Instagram of it or whatever,
but it's time for you to pack up
your shit and get out of here.
Nah, nah.
We still got all
these peeps to serve.
- Can't just leave 'em hanging.
- Okay.
I think the peeps have been
served long enough, yeah?
You've been parked
out here all day.
I get it, I do.
I know what you're doing,
but like, it's bullshit.
- It's not cool.
- Says who?
I'm not breaking any laws.
I got all the right
permits and shit.
I asked you nicely.
That was nice, okay?
And now I'm telling you,
if you don't pack your shit up
and get the fuck out of here...
What?
What are you gonna do about it?
What's the matter,
cat got your tongue?
Or maybe you just can't
handle a little competition.
You think you're...
you're not my competition.
You're not even a chef.
You're a punk kid in a truck!
Ah, it's gonna
be like that, huh?
Yeah, it's like that.
Look, why don't
you just go back
where you came from, old man?
What'd you call me?
What, you
going deaf now too?
No, I fuckin' hear you!
What are you
waiting for?
Get the fuck outta here!
What the fuck?
- You give me that!
- You're not moving?
- You don't get this.
- What the fuck, man?
- Why you trippin'?!
- I don't know, bro!
Why am I trippin'?
Why am I trippin'?!
Yeah, why am I trippin', hey?
Why am I trippin'?
Oh...
Wow...
The fuck are you looking at?!
Get back to work!
Dan?
I just wanted you to know
that the kitchen's closed.
Pretty much cleaned up.
Angela saw to it that
all those dishes were remade
to your specifications.
She's good.
It was a team effort.
- Everybody stepped up.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's a solid crew.
Chloe handled
the front house.
It was, uh...
chaotic there for a while,
but she took care of it.
That's just part
of her job description.
What?
Nothing.
She still here?
Everyone's gone.
Want a?
Sure.
I just wanted to
make food for people.
I don't know...
I thought it'd be simple.
Honest and, uh,
primal, you know?
I thought making something
with your hands, from scratch,
building a whole place
from the ground up,
you'd give everything
you got to it.
I just thought...
You had
nearly ten years here.
That's a good run.
Christ, it's practically
an eternity in this business.
Yeah.
Hurray for me.
It's late.
You should go.
You coming?
Uh, no.
I'm gonna, uh...
I'm gonna stay.
I'm gonna lock up.
You sure
you're okay by yourself?
Mm, yeah.
No, I close alone, man.
I always close alone.
No, I mean...
Are you really okay, Dan?
Fine.
Hey, Steven.
Yeah?
I'm not sorry, you know?
I stuck to my guns,
no matter what.
I mean, I accept responsibility
for everything, yeah,
but I'd do it all again,
exactly the same.
Subtitles by explosiveskull